README.md, before:

# simple-image-editor.js
------
Lightweight .js plugin for generating a simple image editor with some basic image editing functions

## Getting Started
------
Load the simple-image-editor dist minified script within the page of the app
```javascript
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../dist/simple-image-editor.min.js"></script>
```

Instantiate!
```javascript
    //Simplest
    var imageEditor = simpleImageEditor('element-id');

    //With more configuration settings
    var settings = {
        containerId: 'element-id'
        width: 900,
        defaultDrawingControl: 'arrow',
        defaultDrawingColor: '#ffff00',
    };
    var imageEditor = simpleImageEditor(settings);

    //Load an image programmatically
    function loadImageIntoPlugin() {
        var img = new Image();
        img.onload = function () {
            imageEditor.loadImage(img);
        };
    img.src = loadedImage.src;
}
```

### Features
------
* Select image from file explorer
* Paste image from clipboard
* Load existing image through javascript
* Save edited image as base64 
* Download edited image
* Rotate image
* Draw on image with different drawing tools

#### Drawing tools
------
* Color Selector
* Line width
* Eraser
* Free draw pencil
* Line
* Arrow
* Square
* Circle

### Configuration Options
------

###### containerId - __(Required)__
Type: `String`
The HTML element id for containing the generated the plugin.  The only required parameter.  

###### exportImageFileType
Type: `String`
Default `'png' `

###### width
Type: `Number`
Default: `300 `

###### hideAllControls
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

###### showSaveButton
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

###### showDownloadButton
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `true`

###### defaultDrawingControl
Type: `String` `Number`
Default: `'pencil'`

```
var drawingControlTypes = {
    pencil: 0,
    line: 1,
    arrow: 2,
    eraser: 3,
    square: 4,
    circle: 5
  };
```

###### defaultDrawingColor
Type: `String`
Default: `'#FF0000'`

###### defaultDrawingThickness
Type: `Number`
Default: `6`

### Functions
------

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
|saveImage() | Saves the edited image in its current state and will return and object with an originalFileName, base64Image, and editedFileName|
|loadImage(image) | Takes a javascript Image as a parameter to load an image programmatically|
|rotateRight() | Rotates the edited image 90&deg; clockwise|
|rotateLeft() | Rotates the edited image 90&deg; counterclockwise|
|setColor(color) | Sets the drawing tools to use the specified hex color (ex: \'#000000\')|
|setDrawingThickness(lineWidth) | Takes a Number and sets the line width for drawing tools to the specified width|
|setDrawingControl(controlType) | Sets the current drawing tool to the specified control type as a Number or String (see above for drawing control types|
|toggleControls(showHide)| Sets the control container display based on the passed in.  Expected parameters are ('show'), ('hide') and () where parameterless just toggles from the current visibility state|

Commit message:

-Added the demo link to the readme

README.md, after:

# simple-image-editor.js
------
Lightweight .js plugin for generating a simple image editor with some basic image editing functions

## Demo 
[Visit the demo](http://sammynorth.com/#samnorth/simple-image-editor) to see the plugin in action

## Getting Started
------
Load the simple-image-editor dist minified script within the page of the app
```javascript
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../dist/simple-image-editor.min.js"></script>
```

Instantiate!
```javascript
    //Simplest
    var imageEditor = simpleImageEditor('element-id');

    //With more configuration settings
    var settings = {
        containerId: 'element-id'
        width: 900,
        defaultDrawingControl: 'arrow',
        defaultDrawingColor: '#ffff00',
    };
    var imageEditor = simpleImageEditor(settings);

    //Load an image programmatically
    function loadImageIntoPlugin() {
        var img = new Image();
        img.onload = function () {
            imageEditor.loadImage(img);
        };
    img.src = loadedImage.src;
}
```

### Features
------
* Select image from file explorer
* Paste image from clipboard
* Load existing image through javascript
* Save edited image as base64 
* Download edited image
* Rotate image
* Draw on image with different drawing tools

#### Drawing tools
------
* Color Selector
* Line width
* Eraser
* Free draw pencil
* Line
* Arrow
* Square
* Circle

### Configuration Options
------

###### containerId - __(Required)__
Type: `String`
The HTML element id for containing the generated the plugin.  The only required parameter.  

###### exportImageFileType
Type: `String`
Default `'png' `

###### width
Type: `Number`
Default: `300 `

###### hideAllControls
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

###### showSaveButton
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

###### showDownloadButton
Type: `Boolean`
Default: `true`

###### defaultDrawingControl
Type: `String` `Number`
Default: `'pencil'`

```
var drawingControlTypes = {
    pencil: 0,
    line: 1,
    arrow: 2,
    eraser: 3,
    square: 4,
    circle: 5
  };
```

###### defaultDrawingColor
Type: `String`
Default: `'#FF0000'`

###### defaultDrawingThickness
Type: `Number`
Default: `6`

### Functions
------

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
|saveImage() | Saves the edited image in its current state and will return and object with an originalFileName, base64Image, and editedFileName|
|loadImage(image) | Takes a javascript Image as a parameter to load an image programmatically|
|rotateRight() | Rotates the edited image 90&deg; clockwise|
|rotateLeft() | Rotates the edited image 90&deg; counterclockwise|
|setColor(color) | Sets the drawing tools to use the specified hex color|
|setDrawingThickness(lineWidth) | Takes a Number and sets the line width for drawing tools to the specified width|
|setDrawingControl(controlType) | Sets the current drawing tool to the specified control type as a Number or String (see above for drawing control types|
|toggleControls(showHide)| Sets the control container display based on the passed in.  Expected parameters are ('show'), ('hide') and () where parameterless just toggles from the current visibility state|
